As far as I know
The domain of the previous king is where the cave residence of the boy in Qing City is located
When?
Become the private domain of your Holy King's Temple
How brave
How dare you directly call the Qing Emperor Minghui
100,000 years ago, his old man had already soared
In fact, you can recognize the existence of this kind of work
My height
With your current repair, it is simply incomprehensible.
You are me
Boy, you dare to insult me without respect
Let's go to vote together
Let's see how you block me
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Dragon Ball Quick
Run away, the princess is crushed to death
So many years
Lan means you still haven't changed at all
Let me borrow your clothes
Catch up with you later
The life of the general is shaken
Who dares to challenge my Holy King Shengwei?